# Minutes of Meeting

* **Tasks** - has an Owner and a deadline
* **Decisions** (D)
* **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.
 
### Date : 15-01-21
### Time : 19:00
### Topic: First Client Meet
### Attendees: TA: Aayush Goyal TEAM: Arushi Mittal, Meghna Mishra, Mihir Bani, Samay Kothari CLIENT: Chetan Chintha, Isha Mandrekar, Rahul Singh, Varun Chintha, Vishal Yadav

Type | Description | Owner | Deadline
---- | ---- | ---- | ----
T | Create a WhatsApp group to facilitate easier communication | CLIENT | 15/01/2021
T | Create a document containing the tech stacks, abilities and interests of team members | TEAM | 16/01/2021
D | Choose from the following domains: - UI/UX design, Python Flask, Django Application Developer, Machine Learning and Deep Vision, Python and C/C++, Android app Development, Video Compression, Database connectivity | - | -
I | Aim: Make road travel better and more efficient because lack of timely arrival of emergency vehicles causes many deaths due to road accidents | - | -
I | Technology Used: ANPR, NPR, GeoTagging, Raspberry Pi, Algorithm based screening | - | -
I | Process: Record vehicle →Store number plate → check with Vehicle Database → Geotagging | - | -
I | Extras: Helmet Detection, Pothole detection, custom ANPR model, Traffic Signal, accelerator data, app  | - | -
I | Priority: Individual elements are quite common, but working on a low energy device in real time in unison is the difficult task that needs to be done while putting no additional load on the government. Keeping it simple, portable and low cost would increase scalability and ensure it reaches everyone not just VIPs. | - | -
I | App: App data will be sent using the mobile app because of the quantity of data that will be transferred. Some people may be false positives so someone would have to check the feeds to ensure accuracy of the algorithm. The app works as a feedback mechanism for the algorithm. Interface for admin, end users, etc. App has provision to record information that is required.  | - | -